Emphasise the topic schema in templates (#172)
martenframework/marten: docs/docs/schemas/introduction.md

The `#data` method of an HTTP request object returns a hash-like object containing the request data: this object is automatically initialized from any form data or JSON data contained in the request body.
:::

> ### Rendering schema errors within forms

Reviewer: Shouldn't this section be named `Rendering schemas as forms` since the intent is to showcase that schemas can indeed be used in templates in order to display the corresponding forms?

It should be noted that templates can easily interact with schema objects in order to introspect them and render a corresponding HTML form.

> In the above example, the schema could be used as follows to render an equivalent form in the `article_create.html` template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, the schema could be used as follows to render an equivalent form in the `article_create.html` template:
```

        <p>{{ error.message }}</p>
      {% endfor %}
    </div>
  {% endif %}

  <fieldset class="field {% if schema.title.errored? %} field-error{% endif %}">
    <div><label>Title</label></div>
    <input type="text" name="{{ schema.title.id }}" value="{{ schema.title.value }}"/>
    {% for error in schema.title.errors %}<p><small>{{ error.message }}</small></p>{% endfor %}
  </fieldset>

  <fieldset class="field {% if schema.content.errored? %} field-error{% endif %}">
    <div><label>Content</label></div>
    <textarea name="{{ schema.content.id }}" value="{{ schema.content.value }}">{{ schema.content.value }}</textarea>
    {% for error in schema.content.errors %}<p><small>{{ error.message }}</small></p>{% endfor %}
  </fieldset>

  <fieldset class="field {% if schema.published_at.errored? %} field-error{% endif %}">
    <div><label>Published at</label></div>
    <input type="text" name="{{ schema.published_at.id }}" value="{{ schema.published_at.value }}"/>
    {% for error in schema.published_at.errors %}<p><small>{{ error.message }}</small></p>{% endfor %}
  </fieldset>

  <fieldset>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </fieldset>
</form>
```

> The provided code demonstrates effective error handling within your templates. Here's a breakdown of the main principles:

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for improvement:

```suggestion
The provided code also demonstrates how to efficiently handle errors within your templates. Here's a breakdown of the main guidelines to follow when dealing with schema errors in templates:
```
